# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in --universal --output-file requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altex
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-analytics
altex==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-faker
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
anywidget==0.9.18
    # via pygwalker
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pygwalker
appnope==0.1.4 ; sys_platform == 'darwin'
    # via ipykernel
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
arrow==1.3.0
    # via pygwalker
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   snowflake-connector-python
astor==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandasai
    #   pygwalker
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-ai-formrecognizer==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-ai-formrecognizer
azure-core==1.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   kanaries-track
    #   segment-analytics-python
base58==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via favicon
blinker==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
boto3==1.40.38
    # via snowflake-connector-python
botocore==1.40.38
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
    #   premailer
    #   pygwalker
    #   streamlit
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
    #   pyzmq
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zstandard
chardet==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   pyhanko
    #   streamlit
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   qrcode
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   authlib
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via premailer
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via svglib
cssutils==2.11.1
    # via premailer
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
dateutils==0.6.12
    # via kanaries-track
debugpy==1.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via fpdf2
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pymongo
duckdb==1.4.0
    # via pygwalker
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   streamlit-extras
enverus-developer-api==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
faker==37.8.0
    # via streamlit-faker
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbformat
favicon==0.7.0
    # via markdownlit
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fpdf2
    #   matplotlib
fpdf2==2.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fuzzywuzzy==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
geographiclib==2.1
    # via geopy
geopy==2.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-firestore
google-cloud-firestore==2.21.0
    # via streamlit-analytics
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.2.4 ; (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.75.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.75.0
    # via google-api-core
gw-dsl-parser==0.1.49.1
    # via pygwalker
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
htbuilder==0.9.0
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-annotated-text
    #   streamlit-extras
html5lib==1.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   replicate
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via wasmtime
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipylab==1.0.0
    # via pygwalker
ipython==8.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   pygwalker
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   anywidget
    #   ipylab
    #   pygwalker
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   pydeck
    #   pyecharts
    #   pygwalker
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-keyup
jiter==0.11.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
kanaries-track==0.0.5
    # via pygwalker
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
langchain==0.3.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.15
    # via langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lasio==0.30
    # via -r requirements.in
levenshtein==0.23.0
    # via python-levenshtein
lxml==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
    #   premailer
    #   python-pptx
    #   svglib
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   markdownlit
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdownlit==0.0.7
    # via streamlit-extras
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   python-csv
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit-faker
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
missingno==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
monotonic==1.6
    # via segment-analytics-python
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via cssutils
msrest==0.7.1
    # via azure-ai-formrecognizer
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   lasio
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pygwalker
    #   python-csv
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
ollama==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.109.1
    # via langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via pylatex
orjson==3.9.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pygwalker
    #   pytesseract
    #   replicate
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   altex
    #   pandasai
    #   pygwalker
    #   python-csv
    #   seaborn
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-aggrid
    #   streamlit-analytics
pandasai==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
parso==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jedi
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.9.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fpdf2
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   reportlab
    #   streamlit
    #   xhtml2pdf
pip==24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-plotly-events
premailer==3.10.0
    # via yagmail
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via pyecharts
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via streamlit-extras
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-extras
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   pygwalker
psygnal==0.14.2
    # via anywidget
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pygwalker
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   pygwalker
    #   replicate
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
pyecharts==2.0.8
    # via streamlit-echarts
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pygwalker==0.4.9.15
    # via -r requirements.in
pyhanko==0.18.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.22.0
    # via
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pylatex==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via markdownlit
pymongo==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pympler==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pymupdf==1.26.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyodbc==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==6.1.0
    # via xhtml2pdf
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
python-bidi==0.6.6
    # via xhtml2pdf
python-calamine==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-csv==0.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   dateutils
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
python-decouple==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-aggrid
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   pandasai
    #   pydantic-settings
python-levenshtein==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-pptx==0.6.21
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateutils
    #   pandas
    #   pygwalker
    #   pyhanko
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tzlocal
pywin32==311 ; platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via jupyter-core
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pyhanko
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
qrcode==8.2
    # via pyhanko
quickjs==1.19.4
    # via pygwalker
rapidfuzz==3.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   levenshtein
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.9.18
    # via tiktoken
replicate==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
reportlab==4.4.4
    # via
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   enverus-developer-api
    #   favicon
    #   google-api-core
    #   kanaries-track
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   msrest
    #   premailer
    #   pygwalker
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   segment-analytics-python
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
retrying==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rich==12.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   missingno
segment-analytics-python==2.2.3
    # via pygwalker
semver==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
setuptools==65.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   pyecharts
    #   streamlit-echarts
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asttokens
    #   azure-core
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
smmap==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowflake-connector-python==3.17.4
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
snowflake-snowpark-python==1.39.0
    # via streamlit-extras
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pygwalker
sqlglot==27.18.0
    # via pygwalker
st-annotated-text==4.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
st-theme==1.2.3
    # via streamlit-extras
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
statsmodels==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit==1.49.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altex
    #   markdownlit
    #   st-theme
    #   streamlit-aggrid
    #   streamlit-analytics
    #   streamlit-avatar
    #   streamlit-browser-session-storage
    #   streamlit-camera-input-live
    #   streamlit-card
    #   streamlit-comments
    #   streamlit-datalist
    #   streamlit-echarts
    #   streamlit-embedcode
    #   streamlit-extras
    #   streamlit-faker
    #   streamlit-image-coordinates
    #   streamlit-javascript
    #   streamlit-js-eval
    #   streamlit-keyup
    #   streamlit-local-storage
    #   streamlit-plotly-events
    #   streamlit-screen-stats
    #   streamlit-toggle-switch
    #   streamlit-vertical-slider
streamlit-aggrid==1.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-analytics==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-avatar==0.1.3
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-browser-session-storage==0.0.12
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-camera-input-live==0.2.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-card==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-comments==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-datalist==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-echarts==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-embedcode==0.1.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-extras==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   markdownlit
streamlit-faker==0.0.4
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-image-coordinates==0.4.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-javascript==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-js-eval==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-keyup==0.3.0
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-local-storage==0.0.25
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-plotly-events==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-screen-stats==0.0.82
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit-toggle-switch==1.0.2
    # via streamlit-extras
streamlit-vertical-slider==2.5.5
    # via streamlit-extras
svglib==1.5.1
    # via xhtml2pdf
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
textdistance==4.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbformat
    #   pygwalker
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   anywidget
    #   azure-ai-formrecognizer
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   grpcio
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pygwalker
    #   referencing
    #   replicate
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2022.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker
    #   pandas
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
    #   snowflake-snowpark-python
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via enverus-developer-api
uritools==5.0.0
    # via pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   enverus-developer-api
    #   requests
uv==0.8.22
    # via -r requirements.in
validators==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-extras
virtualenv==20.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wasmtime==36.0.0
    # via gw-dsl-parser
watchdog==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
wesanderson==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.45.1
    # via snowflake-snowpark-python
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
xhtml2pdf==0.2.9
    # via -r requirements.in
xkcdpass==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-csv
xlsxwriter==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-pptx
yagmail==0.15.293
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
